# Overview
Q# Random password generator
Written in 2018

This project is a proof of concept application I had written back in high school during my time studying Quantum Computing. It generates random bits utilizing quantum superposition. The project is simple and was a fun activity to incorpate quantum machanics with password security. 

This project is comprised of the qs source code, a python encoding script, and bat file.
With the inclusion of a bat file this project was designed on a Windows installed system. 

# The Q# program
The qs program contains the code to preform quantum algorithms within a simulator such as the Microsoft Quantum Development toolkit. The program outputs an array of randomly generated bytes, where each byte represent an ASCII character. Each byte is written to the bits.txt file and then encoded using python. 

# The python script
The python script reads in all bits from the bits.txt. For every 8 bits an ascii character is generate (1 char = 1 byte = 8 bits). Once all bits have been read and appended to an array the binaryToAscii(s) function converts the the bytes to a deplayable ascii character. 

For each ascii character generated an additional loop is executed to ensure the ascii character stay within the range of typable characters as seen on a standard US keyboard. 

The generated password is then outputted to the user in the shell environment. 

# The bat script
To ensure the ease of execution and as a method of wrapping the qs program and python script together, a bat script is included that request a password length from the user. Once the user has supplied a numberical value, run.bat begins execution of the qs program by passing the password length as the qs program's first argument. 

After the qs program generates the random list of bits it then invokes the python script.

# Requirments 
Python3: for executing the Ascii.py script, no external libs are required.
Installation: https://www.python.org/downloads/

Microsoft .NET Framework
Installation: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework

QDK package for .NET
Commandline Installation: dotnet new -i Microsoft.Quantum.ProjectTemplates

